Add pure python to Getting started (#4283)
cython/cython: docs/src/quickstart/cythonize.rst

Python function calls can be expensive -- in Cython doubly so because
one might need to convert to and from Python objects to do the call.
In our example above, the argument is assumed to be a C double both inside ``f()``
and in the call to it, yet a Python ``float`` object must be constructed around the
argument in order to pass it.

> Therefore Cython language provides a syntax for declaring a C-style function,
> the ``cdef`` keyword. Moreover, Cython library provides ``@cfunc`` decorator to
> declare C-style function without need of using Cython language. Both aproaches are
> equivalent and produces same C code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, Cython provides a way for declaring a C-style function,
the Cython specific ``cdef`` statement, as well as the ``@cfunc`` decorator to
declare C-style functions in Python syntax.  Both approaches are
equivalent and produce the same C code:
```

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Pure Python

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/quickstart/cythonize/cdef_keyword.py

    .. group-tab:: Cython

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/quickstart/cythonize/cdef_keyword.pyx

Some form of except-modifier should usually be added, otherwise Cython
will not be able to propagate exceptions raised in the function (or a
function it calls). The ``except? -2`` means that an error will be checked
for if ``-2`` is returned (though the ``?`` indicates that ``-2`` may also

> be used as a valid return value). The same can be expressed using only python
> language by ``@exceptval(-2, check=True)`` decorator.

Reviewer: Please mind the spelling of "Python" (and Cython) as a name with an upper case initial.
```suggestion
be used as a valid return value). The same can be expressed using only Python
syntax with the decorator ``@exceptval(-2, check=True)``.
```

Alternatively, the slower ``except *`` is always
safe. An except clause can be left out if the function returns a Python
object or if it is guaranteed that an exception will not be raised

> within the function call. Again, Cython provides decorator ``@exceptval(check=True)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within the function call.  Again, Cython provides the decorator ``@exceptval(check=True)``
```

providing the same functionality.

> A side-effect of ``cdef`` (and ``@cfunc`` decorator) is that the function is no longer
> available from Python-space, as Python wouldn't know how to call it. It is also no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A side-effect of ``cdef`` (and the ``@cfunc`` decorator) is that the function is no longer
visible from Python-space, as Python wouldn't know how to call it.  It is also no
```

objects). In fact, ``cpdef`` does not just provide a Python wrapper, it also
installs logic to allow the method to be overridden by python methods, even
when called from within cython. This does add a tiny overhead compared to ``cdef``

> methods. Again, Cython provides ``@ccall`` decorator which provides same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
methods. Also Cython provides ``@ccall`` decorator which provides same
```

Or at least not "again"

Reviewer: What's wrong with "again" here? It was mentioned before.

Reviewer 2: It's first time mention of ccall in this document, again should refer to something we saw/read

> methods.  Again, Cython provides the ``@ccall`` decorator which provides the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
methods.  Again, Cython provides a ``@ccall`` decorator which provides the same
```

> methods. Again, Cython provides ``@ccall`` decorator which provides same
> functionality as ``cpdef`` keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
methods.  Again, Cython provides the ``@ccall`` decorator which provides the same
functionality as ``cpdef`` keyword.
```
